hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today I'm going to show you how to make
original buffalo wings and we're going
to grow up instead of frying if you like
them fried you're going to love them
grill so let's get started original
buffalo wings don't have any seasoning
so I'm starting with 3 pounds of naked
wings that I've cut in half and removed
the tips I have the grill dome preheated
to 350 degrees and the wings are going
to grill over direct heat for about 15
to 20 minutes flipping about every 5
minutes
and now for the original buffalo sauce
I'm going to start with butter
granulated garlic Worcestershire sauce
apple cider vinegar the original recipe
has white vinegar in it but I think
apple cider vinegar has a much better
taste to it and last but not least
Frank's redhot
for a full printable copy of this recipe
and many more visit the wolf it blog and
here we are after the first five minutes
we're going to go ahead and flip the
wings the smell and flavor you get from
cooking these wings over direct heat
with that fat dripping right down on the
coals is amazing that's a lot of
additional flavor you miss out on when
you fry them I'm going to add the
extended cooking grate and the buffalo
sauce now as the sauce comes up to
temperature it'll absorb that nice smoky
flavor
now after a total of 15 minutes and a
couple more flips our chicken wings are
about ready to be sauced
I'm going to heavily sauce each wing and
then put it back on the grill for five
more minutes
continue this process until all the
wings are coated
for an extra layer of flavor I dip the
wings into the buffalo sauce one more
time and after a total of 25 minutes our
wings are done and there you have it a
beautiful plate of smoky grilled buffalo
wings with blue cheese carrots and
celery these turned out to be the best
buffalo wings I've ever had or made and
as you can tell my daughter and I tore
through these like animals thank you
guys very much for watching I hope you
give these a try and I'll see you next
time